We'll save this. Lets us try to run it,
let's see if we get some kind of error here.
This is no longer create,
now it's an update because it exists already.
So we'll switch this to update and execute it.
Let's see okay we have our first error that says YAML not well form.
So we have a YAML not properly formatted document.
Let's try to find out what the problem is here.
The hint says that we need to look for around line 75.
Sure enough yes, we have
this web application Group that looks like it's not formatted properly.
We need to push it one tab back, I believe.
Let's try that and see if that resolves the problem.
Push it back, shift up,
save the file again and I'm going to try and see if that resolves the issue.
Now we have the other error that we were expecting.
It says unresolved resource dependencies.
Thus referring to the Web Target group that I mentioned.
I don't think that property is necessary,
so let's try to eliminate that property and see if that solves the issue for right now.
I'll hit save and delete that,
and then I'll try to run it again.
Also that worked.
Let's go take a look in the console and see what it's doing now.
On our EC2, if you go to the service EC2,
this is where you're going to find your launch configuration on your auto scaling group.
It should be down in the menu.
Here we go, it says auto-scaling and you're going to have only two options here,
launch configuration and auto scaling groups.
Let's see there's, we haven't done anything.
Let me see, launch configuration.
Okay we have the T3 medium, demo server.
Okay perfect.
Let's go to Cloud Formation,
it says updated progress perfect.
I believe this one might take a while.
If we create the auto scaling group and we send it to a minimum of three,
as soon as the launch configuration is available,
it's going to start running right away.
Keep that in mind when it comes to costs.
If your application does not need more than one server,
you can keep it at one, that's fine.
You could also use a security group or I should say an auto scaling group.
Even if you have just one server because it
keeps track of that server and if something ever happens to it,
it will spin it back up.
We have an update complete. That's good.
Perfect. Let's go to EC2 and see if something has changed over here.
Going down to auto scaling groups,
we should have a group here.
This group, let's see what it has.
This auto-scaling group that we created,
it has three instances and they're showing healthy and in-service.
Now we haven't added any logic to the auto scaling group,
so it can't really tell whether they're really healthy or not.
That's more up to the load balancer,
which we're probably going to add next.
So the goal is to have an application
listening on one specific port and providing service.
So you can add logic to a load balancer
to go check on that port and see if the application is actually running.
If it's not running you will be reported as unhealthy and then
the auto-scaling group will come and trigger and
terminate that server. I'm bringing back a new one.